hi guys I'm Andrew and this is twice the
lush and today I will be reviewing rub
rub rub now if you've never used rub rub
rub and it is called from rub rub and
I'm gonna be saying a lot during this
video rub rub rub is a shower scrubby
slash shower wash so what it says online
is that it's sort of like a shower gel
but it's mixed in with fine sea salt so
it's kind of like a wash with an
exfoliant which is an amazing thing in
general now rub rub rub looks like a
bright blue I don't know if you could
actually see it there you go
this is what it looks like and I can't
pour it out or anything and it smells
like it smells like flowers with a hint
of like lemon but the flowers aren't
like exactly floral it's a mimosa flower
which I'm not really sure what that
actually is and there's also lemon and
jasmine flower and orange flower in here
and the mix of all of them makes this
sort of like floral / citrusy smell
which is actually good it doesn't smell
exactly like citrus or exactly like a
flower that's the thing I can explain
with this I don't know how to explain
the smell really completely unless you
actually go smell it and I'm sorry about
that
and the sales associate actually said
that I should use this as a cocktail
with one of my favorite favorite shower
gels the It's Raining Men and together
let me tell you it makes the most
amazing shower ever now I don't use this
product every like every day I use this
probably I don't know once every two
weeks or even more like once a week and
that's exactly what my body needs it's
all depending on the person I only need
to need to exfoliate probably once a
week probably even less some people like
to do it twice a week
people like to do it three my body will
my skin will get to area to irritated if
I do it too much but when I do I usually
take a handful of this and I add some
it's raining men on top of it and I just
lightly rub it in between my hands and
just go all over my body and let me tell
you the scent is amazing the mix of the
most of flowers and the honey and the
honey and the it's raining men is
amazing I like it's just like the best
shower ever one because I absolutely
love this smell and this is it great
because the exfoliating is just the tops
it is a fine scrub so it doesn't leave
my body as smooth and as soft as I would
100% like it to I've used other scrubs
not from lush but from other places that
leave my body like moisturize as well as
very very smooth but this does a very
good job now you guys should definitely
go out and get this because this is one
of the best exfoliant from lush that I
know of ocean salt is a little different
it's a little harsher for me and this is
a lot better it's a lot smoother and a
lot nicer and if you try this make sure
you leave me a comment below and let me
know how you feel about it and if you
know any other way of me putting this
with something else please let me know
because I've always like to try new
things and new like lush cocktails and
stuff and if you love rub rub rub just
like I do make sure you like this video
and make sure you follow me on Twitter I
have a tumblr and I also have an
Instagram which the username is down the
bottom bar below make sure you follow me
until next time I will see you guys
later
bye love lush like me like comment and
subscribe